Any external modules which you import in app.module.ts should be a part of imports 
ngModel did not work inside folr tag.. There was an error in the console because of which the form tag was changed to div tag
All the events must be enclosed in the braces - eg. ((click)) for button
Sqyare brackets will automatically bind the value to attribue - eg [disabled] attribute for button
In Angular 1 we had 2 way binding
In Angular 2, it is only 1 way binding - from the component to the view. Not from the view to component
The 2 way binding was removed because the algorithm which they used. The algorithm is known as dirty checking algorithm which is not good and efficient. 
In Angular 2 it is event based architecture because of which it is not required.

Eg. In our sample app, we have a profile object which is first created in the register.component.ts, and then this profile object is used in the register.component.html.
In Angular 1, without even creating the profile object, if we had used that, then it would have added it in the global object, which is not the case here. Without declaring the profile object in the register.component.ts file, this can't be used.
That's why we say 2 way binding is not possible - i.e. binding from view to component is not available.

---------------------------------
What if I want to create similar countries drop down in few other pages? The problem is - 
Data is inside components which violates the MVC principle

The countries data should be moved inside service
Providers will act as DI containers for the app
The injectable service is singleton

The dataservice is registered in the app.module.ts as a provider. This will be available as a singleton object wherever it is injected
This dataservice is now imported in the register.component.ts and used in the constructor

Now lets get the countries from a ajax call.
https://github.com/kiranuidev/Data - Download this as Zip and then navigate to the server folder inside the project from Node command prompt
Run the command - node ./bin/www
  In browser - http://localhost:3000/countries
  
Do you need to add the httpmodule as provider ? No need, as should have already been done in the respective module. That's already configured as a provider.

  
